Episode 16
Let's play There's something up theViog много
bilive im gorena
Yes, I know.
I will not let you go.
If you go, I will not call you.
Please wait a moment.
I will not let you go.
I am the son of the head of the family.
And what is your name?
What?
I am the son of the head of the family.
And what is your name?
I know that.
But when will you go to the shrine?
You can not go to the shrine.
I can not go to the shrine.
But I will go to the shrine.
I will not go to the shrine.
Don't be silly.
Why don't you forget this great deed of serving your family?
I am the son of the head of the family.
Why do you forget it?
There was another trouble.
If you call me by the name of my son,
I will be called by the name of the son.
Same as the music, sound, and call!
As the颳起 goshira as realizzo
protector mind Chisina Jenn body
Christine of culturally acclaimed
Argentine
desenvolver
sentai medias